{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleColorEmojiUI;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green26\blue29;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c90196;\cssrgb\c11373\c13333\c14902;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs35 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How can I improve myself within a month?\
\

\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56828 
\f0 20 ideas 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56828 
\f0 \
\
1. Detoxify your speech. Reduce the use of negative words. Be polite.\
2. Read everyday. Doesn\'92t matter what. Choose whatever interests you.\
3. Promise yourself that you will never talk rudely to your parents. They never deserve it.\
4. Observe people around you. Imbibe their virtues.\
5. Spend some time with nature everyday.\
6. Feed the stray animals. Yes, it feels good to feed the hungry.\
7. No ego. No ego. No ego. Just learn, learn and learn.\
8. Do not hesitate to clarify a doubt. \'93He who asks a question remains fool for 5 minutes. He who does not ask remains a fool forever\'94.\
9. Whatever you do, do it with full involvement. That\'92s meditation.\
10. Keep distance from people who give you negative vibes but never hold grudges.\
11. Stop comparing yourself with others. If you won\'92t stop, you will never know your own potential.\
12. The biggest failure in life is the failure to try. Always remember this.\
13. \'93I cried as I had no shoes until I saw a man who had no feet\'94. Never complain.\
14. Plan your day. It will take a few minutes but will save your days.\
15. Everyday, for a few minutes, sit in silence. I mean sit with yourself. Just yourself. Magic will flow.\
16. In a healthy body resides a healthy mind. Do not litter it with junk.\
17. Keep your body hydrated at all times. Practice drinking 8\'9610 glasses of water.\
18. Make a habit to eat at least one serving of raw vegetable salad on a daily basis.\
19. Take care of your health. He who has health has hope and he who has hope has everything.\
20. Life is short. Life is simple. Do not complicate it. Don\'92t forget to smile.\
\
Keep reading this daily at least once...
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56842 \u55357 \u56911 \u55356 \u57339 
\f0 \
\
Received this from a friend, liked it and shared it\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/?keywords=health&highlightedUpdateUrns=urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A6893401592737996800"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #health}}\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/?keywords=people&highlightedUpdateUrns=urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A6893401592737996800"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #people}}}